i'm sorry i broke mad of em outta anger
feelin type depressed today..ii need some goood news b4 ii lose my mind!
@sweetiedee29 thanks just be prepared to be depressed for a while.just makes ya think we are so lucky to be here.dont sweat the small stuff
@misskeepit1oo i dnt kno where she at! i cudnt pick up cuz i was sleep. its mad shit goin on. i feel helpless
hmmph i feel like a sad puppy
to bad i'm a chicken wen it comes to committing suicide -__-
i try to keep peace and it can never happen. at least i know my sis is ok. im worried about my mom tho. she sounds so depressed :&quot;(
i'm lost without uu can't find myself #niggauwouldovthought
i want to sleep forever if that's the only way i'll see him :'(
i feel so sad bbl tweeps gonna entertain myself
@stretchkiller cuz he's n a relationship with that horseface bitch &amp; he lied 2 me &amp; i feel so used &amp; worthless now
@kay2fr3sh i miss you already. come back :(
: :crying: :
u eva cried so hard ur stomach and back hurt
@guan i didn't cry all day until you responded
i accidently cut myself in the wrist and lost a big amount of blood but luckily i'm okay now.. no worries.. that was crazy!
my parents probably want me to legit commit suicide than to live. i have lovely parents. and i'm not exaggerating btw.
not even gonna do it to myself for what? so i could just get hurt again? i think i'd rather play it safe this time!
what's wrong sweetheart rt @deemillie: feeling overwhelmed; where's my bf when i need a shoulder to cry on? :'(
i love my job but i hate the people attitude
suicide thoughts
empty &amp; broken
i'm about to go damnit b o n k e r s i feel so restless (and restless does not mean tired fucktards lol)
@janine_michele i hate them. they had to band them at my job
@pulchriitude_ i prolly stress myself more thinkin about da future den thinkin bout my past...i fear wats gonna hurt me next
drunk and heartbroken in more ways than 1...fml
smt , i'm tired of being nice , gets me no where , ii tried to do everything possibile to make uu happy &amp; all ii get in return is pain
eminem admits to cnn that his drug overdose almost led him to dying: 								eminem opens up to cnn about his dru... http://bit.ly/d2ldhu
i friggin hate these bastards @ my job grimey ass bastards knew i wanted the day off and tell me some next shit (cont) http://tl.gd/1l7lfp
i need to leave this world for good
#futurefugitivetweet rt @hazeleyejoyce: i can see myself holding a gun to someone head #random
fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk my wrist is broke
@mikephilly19 roc is my nigga,wtf u talkin about, yall dumb ass niggas is lost n the storm homie..go get facts and stop believin wat u hear!
i have no fear in my heart, put a gun to my head
@bscarrillo i don't feel sad 4 him. he gets pissed n says wat he wants then sends out fony apologies
@prettywheezy1 bout to shoot myself granny kinda pissin me off i miss ma own floor at home son i can't even sleep how i wanna yo
starting to regret a lot. a whole lot.
feeling mighty lonely tonight. feelings ignored and placed in the unimportant pile. but for everytime you ignore me....
if heaven was a mile away..would i pack up my bags and leave this world behind?
tired of dis lifestyle....shyt fails
i would b tight if i tried 2 commit suicide n failed....u look lik a retard n no1 can rele take u serious after dat
ima be so depressed and angry at work da rest of dis week i can feel it.ugh.a funny way2end my week at dis store.*shrug* 23rd st here i come
#iconfess i cried my heart out yesterday for lost of my friend chris!
i'm 1 justin bieber song away frm committing suicide
rt @shainanaytisha: going w. thee flow.. not thinking too far ahead. just might hurt myself
omg i'm so glad i'm leaving in 1 hour fml i hate my job
i can't even cry.
so tired of everything i got an attitude again so fuck off
i wanna cry os badly, but i refuse to .. these tears are staying inside this time ..
cry me Α river bitch..... #packdatshitup
@gorgeous_domo uhh not to good lost my job an not in school an feelin pretty damn broke
bout to go mia again...i feel mad empty right now
as anyone who has been close to someone that has committed suicide knows, there is no other pain like that felt after the incident
@sloanbordeaux it was so painful to be bullied like that. i have never been exposed to adult women like that before in my life. shame on me.
@caveman183 i'll shoot myself in the face with a marshburg shotgun
depressed feelin out of it
i tried to hang myself with a bungee cord. i kept almost dying.
at the lowest point in life gdnight
